Supporting Statement for the
Complex Institution Liquidity Monitoring Report
(FR 2052a; OMB No. 7100-0361)
Summary
The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (Board), under authority 
delegated by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB), has extended for three years,
without revision, the Complex Institution Liquidity Monitoring Report (FR 2052a; OMB No. 
7100-0361). The FR 2052a collects quantitative information on select assets, liabilities, funding 
activities, and contingent liabilities of top-tier U.S. bank holding companies with $100 billion or 
more in total consolidated assets, top-tier U.S. covered savings and loan holding companies with 
$100 billion or more in total consolidated assets, and foreign banking organizations with $100 
billion or more in combined U.S. assets. The Board uses this information to monitor the liquidity 
profile of these banking organizations.
The estimated total annual burden for the FR 2052a is 1,027,896 hours. The form and
instructions are available on the Board’s public website at 
https://www.federalreserve.gov/apps/reportingforms.
Background and Justification
The FR 2052a provides timely data to identify and monitor liquidity risks at large U.S. 
banking organizations and foreign banking organizations with a significant U.S. presence, as 
well as liquidity risks in aggregate across the financial system, especially with respect to intracompany flows and exposures within a consolidated banking organization. The FR 2052a gathers 
data disaggregated by material legal entity (e.g., parent company, broker/dealer entities, and 
bank entities) in a manner that provides meaningful insight into a banking organization’s 
liquidity profile.
The data collected by the FR 2052a provide detailed information about the liquidity risks 
within different business lines (e.g., financing of securities positions or prime brokerage 
activities) of certain large banking organizations supervised by the Board. The Board’s 
supervisory surveillance program relies on this data, which provide timely information about 
banking organization-specific liquidity risks during periods of stress. The Board uses analyses of 
liquidity risk to inform its supervisory processes, including the preparation of analytical reports 
that detail funding vulnerabilities. FR 2052a data also contribute to the Board’s supervisory 
monitoring efforts by identifying potential impediments to the movement of liquidity across legal 
entities. In addition, the FR 2052a provides detailed information that the Board uses to monitor 
compliance with the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) and Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR)
rules under the Board’s Regulation WW - Liquidity Risk Measurement, Standards, and 
Monitoring (12 CFR Part 249). The information collected through the FR 2052a is not available 
from other sources. If the Board did not have this information, it would not be able to conduct 
critical liquidity supervision and monitoring activities.
2
Description of Information Collection
The FR 2052a collects data regarding three general categories of inflows, outflows, and 
supplemental items, subdivided into 13 distinct data categories and a mechanism for tracking 
comments. These categories are designed to stratify the assets, liabilities, and supplemental 
components of a banking organization’s liquidity risk profile based on products that can be 
described with common data structures while maintaining a coherent framework for liquidity risk 
reporting.
The FR 2052a data categories also cover broad funding classifications by product, 
outstanding balance, and purpose, each segmented by maturity date. Generally, the data 
categories are classified as follows:
• Inflows-Assets: Banking organizations report assets such as unencumbered assets, 
borrowing capacity from central banks or Federal Home Loan Banks (FHLBs), 
unrestricted reserve balances at central banks, restricted reserve balances at central banks, 
unsettled asset purchases, forward asset purchases, and encumbered assets.
• Inflows-Unsecured: Banking organizations report unsecured inflow transactions such as 
onshore placements, offshore placements, required operational balances, excess 
operational balances, outstanding draws on unsecured revolving facilities, other 
unsecured loans, cash items in the process of collection, and short-term investments.
• Inflows-Secured: Banking organizations report secured inflow transactions such as 
reverse repurchase agreements, securities borrowing transactions, dollar rolls, collateral 
swaps, margin loans, other secured loans where the collateral is rehypothecatable, 
outstanding draws on secured revolving facilities, other secured loans where the collateral 
is not rehypothecatable, synthetic customer longs, and synthetic firm sourcing.
• Inflows-Other: Banking organizations report other inflow transactions such as derivatives 
receivables, collateral called for receipt, sales in the to-be-announced market, undrawn 
committed facilities purchased, lock-up balances, interest and dividends receivables, a net 
30-day derivatives receivables measure, principal payments receivable on unencumbered 
investment securities, and other cash inflow transactions.
• Outflows-Wholesale: Banking organizations report wholesale outflow transactions such 
as asset-backed commercial paper single-seller outflows, asset-backed commercial paper 
multi-seller outflows, collateralized commercial paper, asset-backed securities, covered 
bonds, tender option bonds, other asset-backed financing, commercial paper, onshore 
borrowing, offshore borrowing, unstructured long-term debt, structured long-term debt, 
government supported debt, unsecured notes, structured notes, wholesale certificates of 
deposit, draws on committed facilities, free credits, and other unsecured wholesale 
outflow transactions.
• Outflows-Secured: Banking organizations report secured outflow transactions such as 
repurchase agreements, securities lending transactions, dollar rolls, collateral swaps, 
FHLB advances, outstanding secured funding from central banks for exceptional central 
bank operations, customer short transactions, firm short transactions, synthetic customer 
short transactions, synthetic firm financing transactions, and other secured outflow 
transactions.
• Outflows-Deposits: Banking organizations report deposit outflow transactions such as 
transactional accounts, non-transactional relationship accounts, non-transactional non-
3
relationship accounts, operational account balances, excess balances in operational 
accounts, non-operational account balances, operational escrow accounts, non-reciprocal 
brokered accounts, stable affiliated sweep account balances, less stable affiliated sweep 
account balances, non-affiliated sweep accounts, other product sweep accounts, 
reciprocal accounts, other third-party deposits, and other deposit accounts.
• Outflows-Other: Banking organizations report other outflow transactions such as 
derivative payables, collateral called for delivery, purchases in the to-be-announced 
market, credit facilities, liquidity facilities, retail mortgage commitments, trade finance 
instruments, mark-to-market impact on derivative positions, loss of rehypothecation 
rights due to a 1, 2, or 3 notch downgrade, loss of rehypothecation rights due to a change 
in financial condition, total collateral required due to a 1, 2, or 3 notch downgrade, total 
collateral required due to a change in financial condition, excess margin, unfunded term 
margin, interest and dividends payable, a net 30-day derivative payables measure, other 
outflows related to structured transactions, and other cash outflow transactions.
• Supplemental-Derivatives and Collateral: Banking organizations report supplemental 
information for derivatives and collateral such as gross derivative asset values, gross 
derivative liability values, derivative settlement payments delivered and received, initial 
margin posted on proprietary derivatives positions, initial margin posted on behalf of 
customers, initial margin received, variation margin posted on proprietary derivatives 
positions, variation margin posted on behalf of customers, variation margin received, 
derivative central counterparty default fund contributions, other central counterparty 
pledges and contributions, collateral disputes deliverables, collateral disputes receivables, 
sleeper collateral deliverables, required collateral deliverables, sleeper collateral 
receivables, derivative collateral substitution risk, derivative collateral substitution 
capacity, other collateral substitution risk, and other collateral substitution capacity.
• Supplemental-Liquidity Risk Measurement: Banking organizations report supplemental 
information for liquidity risk measurement such as subsidiary liquidity that cannot be 
transferred, subsidiary liquidity available for transfer, cash outflows that would arise 
from the early termination of a hedge associated with unencumbered assets, outflows 
from non-structured and structured debt maturing in greater than 30-days where the 
banking organization is the primary market maker in that debt, the LCR, subsidiary 
funding that cannot be transferred, subsidiary funding available for transfer, additional 
funding requirement for off-balance sheet rehypothecated assets, and the NSFR.
• Supplemental-Balance Sheet: Banking organizations report supplemental information for 
balance sheet items such as regulatory capital element, other liabilities and assets not 
otherwise captured under other FR 2052a balance sheet products, non-performing assets, 
counterparty netting, and carrying value adjustments.
• Supplemental-Informational: Banking organizations report supplemental information 
such as long and short market value of client assets, gross client wires received and paid, 
subsidiary liquidity that is not transferrable, and Federal Reserve Act section 23A 
capacity.
• Supplemental-Foreign Exchange: Banking organizations report foreign exchange 
information such as foreign exchange spot, forwards and futures, and swap transactions.
4
The Board understands that respondents use information technology to comply with these 
provisions. In order to comply with FR 2052a reporting requirements, respondents submit XML 
files via a secure file transfer protocol to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.
Respondent Panel
The FR 2052a is filed by banking organizations subject to Category I, II, III, or IV 
standards under the Board’s Regulation YY - Enhanced Prudential Standards (12 CFR Part 252)
and Regulation LL - Savings and Loan Holding Companies (12 CFR Part 238).
1 The panel
consists of (1) any top-tier U.S. bank holding company with $100 billion or more in total 
consolidated assets that is not a subsidiary of a foreign banking organization, (2) any top-tier 
U.S. savings and loan holding company with $100 billion or more in total consolidated assets 
that is a covered depository institution holding company as defined by the LCR and NSFR rules 
and is not a subsidiary of a foreign banking organization, and (3) any foreign banking 
organization, as defined by the Board’s Regulation YY, with combined U.S. assets of $100 
billion or more.
Frequency and Time Schedule
For U.S. Banking Organizations:
U.S. banking organizations that are identified as (1) global systemically important bank 
holding companies, (2) banking organizations subject to Category II standards, or (3) banking 
organizations subject to Category III standards with average weighted short-term wholesale 
funding of $75 billion or more must submit the FR 2052a each business day.
U.S. banking organizations that are identified as (1) banking organizations subject to 
Category III standards with average weighted short-term wholesale funding of less than $75 
billion or (2) banking organizations subject to Category IV standards must submit a report 
monthly.
For Foreign Banking Organizations:
Foreign banking organizations identified as (1) foreign banking organizations subject to 
Category II standards or (2) foreign banking organizations subject to Category III standards with 
average weighted short-term wholesale funding of $75 billion or more must submit a report on 
each business day.
Foreign banking organizations identified as (1) foreign banking organizations subject to 
Category III standards with average weighted short-term wholesale funding of less than $75 
billion or (2) foreign banking organizations subject to Category IV standards must submit a 
report monthly.
The FR 2052a report is collected on a more frequent cadence than quarterly given the 
need for timely liquidity data to identify and monitor liquidity risks at individual firms as well as 
in aggregate across the financial system.
1 See 12 CFR 252.2; 12 CFR 238.10.
5
Public Availability of Data
In general, data from the FR 2052a are confidential and are not publicly available. In 
limited circumstances, aggregate data for multiple respondents, which do not reveal the identity 
of any individual respondent, may be released.
Legal Status
The FR 2052a is authorized by provisions in the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 
(BHC Act), International Banking Act of 1978 (IBA), Home Owners’ Loan Act (HOLA), and 
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Dodd-Frank Act). Specifically, 
section 5(c) of the BHC Act authorizes the Board to require bank holding companies to submit 
reports to the Board regarding their financial condition (12 U.S.C. § 1844(c)). Section 8(a) of the 
IBA subjects foreign banking organizations to the provisions of the BHC Act (12 U.S.C. § 
3106(a)). Section 10(b) of the HOLA authorizes the Board to require reports and examine 
savings and loan holding companies (12 U.S.C. § 1467a(b)). Section 165 of the Dodd Frank Act 
requires the Board to establish prudential standards for certain bank holding companies and 
foreign banking organizations; these standards include liquidity requirements (12 U.S.C. § 
5365). The FR 2052a is mandatory.
The FR 2052a information collection is part of the Board’s supervisory process for 
covered banking organizations. Therefore, such information is generally entitled to confidential 
treatment under exemption 8 of the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA), which protects 
information contained in “examination, operating, or condition reports” obtained in the bank 
supervisory process (5 U.S.C. § 552(b)(8)). Additionally, to the extent a respondent submits 
nonpublic commercial or financial information in connection with the FR 2052a, which is both 
customarily and actually treated as private by the respondent, the respondent may request 
confidential treatment pursuant to exemption 4 of FOIA (5 U.S.C. § 552(b)(4)).
Consultation Outside the Agency
There has been no consultation outside the Federal Reserve System.
Public Comments
On October 2, 2024, the Board published an initial notice in the Federal Register (89 FR 
80240) requesting public comment for 60 days on the extension, without revision, of the 
FR 2052a. The comment period for this notice expired on December 2, 2024. The Board did not 
receive any comments. The Board adopted the extension, without revision, of the FR 2052a as 
originally proposed. On February 7, 2025, the Board published a final notice in the Federal 
Register (90 FR 9159).
Estimate of Respondent Burden
As shown in the table below, the estimated total annual burden for the FR 2052a is 
1,027,896 hours. The number of respondents is based on the number of FR 2052a filings 
6
received in 2023. These reporting requirements represent approximately 15.4 percent of the 
Board’s total paperwork burden.
FR 2052a
Estimated
number of
respondents2
Estimated
annual
frequency
Estimated
average hours
per response
Estimated
annual burden
hours
Daily 18 250 221 994,500
Monthly 23 12 121 33,396
Total 1,027,896
The estimated total annual cost to the public for the FR 2052a is $71,798,536.
3
Sensitive Questions
This information collection contains no questions of a sensitive nature, as defined by 
OMB guidelines.
Estimate of Cost to the Federal Reserve System
The estimated cost to the Federal Reserve System for collecting and processing this 
report is $515,200.
2 Of these respondents, none are considered small entities as defined by the Small Business Administration (i.e., 
entities with less than $850 million in total assets). Size standards effective March 17, 2023. See
https://www.sba.gov/document/support-table-size-standards.
3 Total cost to the responding public is estimated using the following formula: total burden hours, multiplied by the 
cost of staffing, where the cost of staffing is calculated as a percent of time for each occupational group multiplied 
by the group’s hourly rate and then summed (30% Office & Administrative Support at $23, 45% Financial 
Managers at $84, 15% Lawyers at $85, and 10% Chief Executives at $124). Hourly rates for each occupational 
group are the (rounded) mean hourly wages from the Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS), Occupational Employment 
and Wages, May 2023, published April 3, 2024, https://www.bls.gov/news.release/ocwage.t01.htm. Occupations are 
defined using the BLS Standard Occupational Classification System, https://www.bls.gov/soc/.